README.md, before:

# Astro Starter Kit: Basics

```
npm create astro@latest -- --template basics
```

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/withastro/astro/tree/latest/examples/basics)
[![Open with CodeSandbox](https://assets.codesandbox.io/github/button-edit-lime.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/p/sandbox/github/withastro/astro/tree/latest/examples/basics)
[![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://codespaces.new/withastro/astro?devcontainer_path=.devcontainer/basics/devcontainer.json)

> 🧑‍🚀 **Seasoned astronaut?** Delete this file. Have fun!

![basics](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4677417/186188965-73453154-fdec-4d6b-9c34-cb35c248ae5b.png)


## 🚀 Project Structure

Inside of your Astro project, you'll see the following folders and files:

```
/
├── public/
│   └── favicon.svg
├── src/
│   ├── components/
│   │   └── Card.astro
│   ├── layouts/
│   │   └── Layout.astro
│   └── pages/
│       └── index.astro
└── package.json
```

Astro looks for `.astro` or `.md` files in the `src/pages/` directory. Each page is exposed as a route based on its file name.

There's nothing special about `src/components/`, but that's where we like to put any Astro/React/Vue/Svelte/Preact components.

Any static assets, like images, can be placed in the `public/` directory.

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                | Action                                           |
| :--------------------- | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`          | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`          | Starts local dev server at `localhost:3000`      |
| `npm run build`        | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`      | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run astro ...`    | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |

## 👀 Want to learn more?

Feel free to check [our documentation](https://docs.astro.build) or jump into our [Discord server](https://astro.build/chat).

## TODO

### Quick/general to-dos
- [ ] Do more w hover effects on the area models. More animations
- [ ] Change to a more suiting font


- [ ] Add a `src/pages/404.astro` page
- [ ] Add a `src/pages/about.astro` page
- [ ] Add a `src/pages/blog.astro` page
- [ ] Add a `src/pages/blog/[slug].astro` page
- [ ] Add a `src/pages/contact.astro` page

Commit message:

made the title text follow the cursor and fixed navbar bug

README.md, after:

# Astro Starter Kit: Basics

```
npm create astro@latest -- --template basics
```

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/withastro/astro/tree/latest/examples/basics)
[![Open with CodeSandbox](https://assets.codesandbox.io/github/button-edit-lime.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/p/sandbox/github/withastro/astro/tree/latest/examples/basics)
[![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://codespaces.new/withastro/astro?devcontainer_path=.devcontainer/basics/devcontainer.json)

> 🧑‍🚀 **Seasoned astronaut?** Delete this file. Have fun!

![basics](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4677417/186188965-73453154-fdec-4d6b-9c34-cb35c248ae5b.png)


## 🚀 Project Structure

Inside of your Astro project, you'll see the following folders and files:

```
/
├── public/
│   └── favicon.svg
├── src/
│   ├── components/
│   │   └── Card.astro
│   ├── layouts/
│   │   └── Layout.astro
│   └── pages/
│       └── index.astro
└── package.json
```

Astro looks for `.astro` or `.md` files in the `src/pages/` directory. Each page is exposed as a route based on its file name.

There's nothing special about `src/components/`, but that's where we like to put any Astro/React/Vue/Svelte/Preact components.

Any static assets, like images, can be placed in the `public/` directory.

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                | Action                                           |
| :--------------------- | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`          | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`          | Starts local dev server at `localhost:3000`      |
| `npm run build`        | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`      | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run astro ...`    | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |

## 👀 Want to learn more?

Feel free to check [our documentation](https://docs.astro.build) or jump into our [Discord server](https://astro.build/chat).

## TODO

### Quick/general to-dos

- [ ] Figure out where you wanna put yr socials at
- [ ] Add texture to the title and possibly the area text
- [ ] A cool background
- [ ] add myself to the center of the scene, possibly reduce the size of the areas and use react spring to animate the movement of the text of the areas, and see where else I can use react spring
- [ ] Do more w hover effects on the area models. More animations
- [ ] Change to a more suiting font


- [ ] Add a `src/pages/404.astro` page
- [ ] Add a `src/pages/about.astro` page
- [ ] Add a `src/pages/blog.astro` page
- [ ] Add a `src/pages/blog/[slug].astro` page
- [ ] Add a `src/pages/contact.astro` page
